Restaurant ID,Author Name,Author City,Review Date,Review Rating,Review Content
not-watsons-kitchen-bar-knoxville-2,Nicole H.,"Knoxville, TN",2022-08-28,5.0,"After trying to go to another Market Square restaurant that didn't work out we went to Not Watson's. I was hard-core craving a burger and this place did not disappoint. Service was a little slow at the very beginning and after we were done but after getting our drinks and during the meal he was prompt and friendly. After reading all the reviews we tried the Philly cheese steak egg rolls. I'm not going to be the popular opinion on here but they were just ok. Not bad, but DEFINITELY not worth $13 for just 2 full egg rolls.My hubby and I both had burgers. A restaurant in my hometown had this amazing Western burger and I've yet to find anywhere in Knoxville that could get near it but Not Watson's ""Ole Smokey"" is by far the closest thing so far, and almost as good as my hometown favorite. Yay. Finally glad I found something close.My husband had the Parisian and added bacon. I really loved the flavor of his burger. We asked for fries extra crispy and that's exactly what we got. We'll definitely be back to try another burger."
not-watsons-kitchen-bar-knoxville-2,Michele G.,"Brooklyn, NY",2022-09-08,3.0,"I tried this place as it was one of the only 2 with the kitchen open past 9PM on a weekday. Good stuff: Nice people, food was 75% tasty Bad stuff: Wasn't provided special drink menu right away so just ordered an old fashioned. Server came back asking about bourbons but by then I'd realized there was a special drink menu so ordered their ""not so old fashioned"". GROSS. Couldn't drink it. Food - ordered the scallops and the ahi poke. Out of ahi. Switched to strawberry salad. Scallops - AWESOME Strawberry salad - EXCELLENT except for the chicken. It was gross. I ate around it. All in all, it wasn't atrocious but I wouldn't bother giving them another shot."
not-watsons-kitchen-bar-knoxville-2,John O.,"Lincoln, RI",2022-07-11,4.0,"What makes this dinner a 4 star is definitely the staff! Shout out to Kyle at the bar! He hustled the entire time I was there. Friendly and knowledgeable! Had the shrimp poboy. Shrimp fired and seasoned perfect! But the kicker on a po boy has a lot to do with the roll! Bad roll, bad po boy no matter how good the shrimp is ! Great roll! Nice greens and the spicy sauce was great(I ordered extra)"
not-watsons-kitchen-bar-knoxville-2,Wendy B.,"Memphis, TN",2022-06-15,5.0,"If you really want to experience joie de vivre in Knoxville, go to Not Watsons on a gorgeous spring evening, have a glass of Malbec, take in the sounds of the local musicians playing happily in the square, and enjoy a mouthwatering Chimichurri flat iron steak to satisfy your soul. The steak is beautifully cooked and adorned with a perfect harmony of blended cilantro and garlic that is more savory than pungent. This lovingness was so delicious I considered asking for an extra side to bring home with me. I now believe the true purpose of potatoes is to exist in this cheddar mash! And the broccolini was Al denté and perfectly seasoned. The service was exceptional- I often dine alone and servers can sometimes hurry the meal out, but there was no rush or excessive waiting. Everything arrived in perfect time. Highly recommended."
not-watsons-kitchen-bar-knoxville-2,Christina C.,"Roseville, CA",2022-07-07,5.0,"Wow! We (7) of us had dinner and drinks on 7/6/2022 and will definitely go back. First, I had signed up to join the waitlist and 30 minutes later I got a text that said the waitlist closed and I didn't have a spot. I was confused. I called the restaurant and told them what happened and they added my group back to the waitlist no questions asked and apologized for the technical error. I was very grateful since there were 7 of us and we were celebrating! We arrived and immediately I was drawn to the ambience. I love the full bar and the entire restaurant was clean and looked great. Our waiter was amazing! He was very interactive and made sure are drinks and food was up to our standards. I ordered the chicken strawberry salad and it was Amazing! I know it's a salad but the pecans, fresh lettuce, poppyseed dressing and fried goat cheese was beyond flavorful. I think they seasoned and glazed the pecans! The grilled chicken was cooked and seasoned perfectly. Hubby had a burger and fries! He ate it all and it was cooked to his liking (no red at all) Kids- mash potatoes (I tasted and ended up taking 3 bites) so good Mac and cheese- this item took me by surprise, it was very cheesy but they also seasoned it with idk but it was very very good Brussels sprouts- perfectly roasted and simply seasoned very delicious Grilled cheese and fries, not one bit left the sandwich perfectly grilled and when you pulled it apart you seen the cheese!!! Adult - 9th street Philly and it was very flavorful and again not one bite left on his plate Adult- Asian chicken salad ""quote"" this is so good will order it when I'm at work since I can walk here. Drinks- Lynchburg lemonade everyone loved those not too bitter or sweet just perfect. 2 summer time sidecars- this was my drink and it was very strong and good not bad strong like oh ya that's it baby! Definitely will return."
not-watsons-kitchen-bar-knoxville-2,Stephen L.,"Nashville, TN",2022-05-28,5.0,Our waiter was awesome ! The vibe in here was cool. The Philly cheese steak egg rolls were great ! Wings too. My Buffalo chicken sandwich was awesome. The burger was just okay. Not bad. Not great. The food came quick and the bathrooms were very clean. Cocktails were good. The Bloody Mary was good enough. This place still gets 5 stars because we all left with a good vibe. The location is $$ too. Go Bucs !
not-watsons-kitchen-bar-knoxville-2,Brooke H.,"Knoxville, TN",2022-06-05,5.0,"My party of four adults tried Not Watson's for the first time yesterday after a matinee at the Tennessee Theater. We were seated immediately at a booth near the back and ordered cocktails while we studied the menu. Our server was great: knowledgeable about the menu, prompt, and friendly. All our food was delicious. I had the steak with chimichurri, and it was extremely flavorful. The rest of my group enjoyed their burgers and pasta dishes. Highly recommend for a quality meal in a relaxed atmosphere."
not-watsons-kitchen-bar-knoxville-2,Greg M.,"Strongsville, OH",2022-01-26,5.0,"Outstanding. Simply outstanding. Totally surprised. The menu was like one you would get at Denny's. Ordered the Chimichura Steak, as I've made the same at home and wanted to see how the pros did it. Boy did I find out. First of all, I asked for medium rare, and got medium rare. A rarity if you will! Usually way overcooked. Secondly, the mashed cheddar spuds were outstanding. Could taste and feel the solid taters in the mash, unbelievably good. And the broccolini could not have been better! Would have been nice to have a salad and bread, but heh, for the price, this was outstanding. Bartender was cordial and quick. Nothing at all to bitch about. Also figured out why this is call NOT Watson's kitchen. Great place all around!"
not-watsons-kitchen-bar-knoxville-2,Nick R.,"Nashville, TN",2022-05-09,4.0,The food was really good! We came here before a basketball game in December and service was great and food was delicious. No complaints.
not-watsons-kitchen-bar-knoxville-2,Michelle M.,"Maylene, AL",2022-07-17,5.0,Yummy food with a great atmosphere. The service was was great as well. Highly recommend!
