Restaurant ID,Author Name,Author City,Review Date,Review Rating,Review Content
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Jason B.,"New York, NY",8/15/2022,5.0,Great food great drinks awesome staff. I had the hurt locker and the toppings which were numerous were tastefully minimal but all there. On my list for Knoxville!
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Dave D.,"Rochester, MI",4/18/2022,5.0,"I stopped in Knoxville on a solo drive back to Michigan from Florida.  After 12 hours of driving, I was looking for a place where I could have a decent casual meal and a drink or two.  Other Yelp reviews caused me to pick this place.  I was lucky enough to grab a seat at the bar on a very crowded Friday night.  Lucky for me Sophie G. was tending bar that night and she made for a very pleasant evening.  She was friendly and approachable, as well as very knowledgeable about local craft beers and cocktail options.  She made me a couple great cocktails, including a recipe I provided.  She is a real asset to this restaurant.  Food wise, the salmon sandwich I ordered was also great, and the burgers I saw looked quite tasty.  If you are a burger person, this place would be a great fit.I'll definitely return if I'm lucky enough to be in Knoxville in the future, and hopefully Sophie will still be tending bar."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Nicolle M.,"Boston, MA",8/22/2022,3.0,"Food quality isn't what it used to be. I was in town visiting Knoxville and figured I would go back to the old stomping ground of Stock and Barrel. I used to work in Market Square so I used to go to Stock & Barrel pretty frequently. The food wasn't as good as it used to be overall. The portions were still very generous and it's always a nice ambiance!! Village Tomato Salad -- This was the highlight of my meal! The salad is a perfectly orchestrated concoction of the right flavors and vegetables  coming together. The tomatoes, olives, feta, and onions are all great quality and feel fresh. You have to give this a try if you go in!! The Mother Clucker -- The sandwich was overall pretty under seasoned, and the garlic aioli was really trying to pull it all together but it fell short. The fries were a bit soggy, but still totally fine. Appreciated the amount of food, but we weren't too impressed.The Billy -- This sweet and salty burger wasn't for me. The meat wasn't flavorful and the quality wasn't great. The mix of the onions and tomato jam didn't mesh perfectly well in my opinion, but my friend who tried it really loved it. So while the toppings might not be for me, they might work well for you!I probably wouldn't go again, but it is undeniably a Market Square staple!"
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Mrs J P.,"Mechanicsburg, PA",7/2/2022,1.0,"Food was ok, however the staff extremely immature and not attentive at all looked like a bunch of college kids lol, our waitress forgot a few things  like drink refils, she saw that but we had to ask once she returned, she forgot some food items so again we had to ask, when our waitress disappeared for a bit and she finally came back we had asked for our check snd waited on that, she also left our original empty drink glasses and as you know if you've been there some tables are small.Even the couple next to us, were complaining about there waitress who also disappeared on them as well lol Will we come back maybe but a different day and not on a Saturday night"
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Michael B.,"Dayton, OH",6/13/2022,2.0,"The ambiance is great and the staff is good, especially the hostess. Drinks are pretty good as well. Unfortunately, it ends there. The food is subpar. All the hamburgers are over cooked. Well done when ordered medium. The buns on the burgers are not great. The billy burger comes with tomato jam. Good idea, but too sweet. It should be a Smokey tomato jam. Onions need to be more caramelized.The duck fat fries are overly soggy. Fried pickles are okay and the regular fries are good when you add salt.  Has potential, just needs a little focus on the details of the menu. Maybe it has lost something since it's opening."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Jeanette C.,"Knoxville, TN",8/18/2022,4.0,"My husband was craving a burger, so we came to Stock & Barrel. The burgers were huge and delicious! I thought my Greek Burger was better than The Bernie that my husband picked. The Greek Burger has a lamb patty with Kasseri cheese, tzatziki, greens, tomato, and bourbon onions. The flavor reminded me of eating a gyro, but in burger form. It was sooo tasty that I ate the burger the next day straight from the fridge (or, I was that hungry, haha)! The fries and onions rings were also great! You could tell they were made fresh with fresh ingredients. Next time, I want to try their crab dip and fried green tomatoes."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Hanna L.,"Christiana, TN",8/18/2022,5.0,So yummy! I got the Ring of Fire burger with regular fries and my husband got the Bison with duck fat fries. Both were delicious and the portions were huge! Neither of us was able to finish our meal. The garlic aioli sauce was delicious and I kept dipping my fries and burger in it. The Ring of Fire burger was definitely spicy (perfect for me but don't get it if you're sensitive to that stuff) and the Bison burger was delicious.
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,M M.,"Santa Cruz, CA",9/8/2022,4.0,"Solid. Similar to Crow burger in Newport beach. Overpriced, but everything seems to be here."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Jacob N.,"Dayton, OH",7/22/2022,5.0,"My friend and I tried this place out while visiting Knoxville. Absolutely amazing! It was pretty busy but we were still seated right away. Our waiter was prompt and efficient and our drinks never ran dry!  The burgers came out fresh from the grill, still hot and juicy! The prices here were extremely reasonable as well. I 100% recommend this place!"
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Susan L.,"North Ridgeville, OH",7/10/2022,3.0,"Stopped into Stock and Barrel on our one night trip to Knoxville. It had good Yelp reviews and my husband is a Bourbon fan. The food was excellent!  Very large portions and all delicious. Great choices for some interesting burgers. The service was fine for a busy Saturday night. This is getting a 3 because of the restrooms, which happened to be unisex. They were beyond atrocious.  The gas station we stopped at during our travel had cleaner facilities.  This was not just because it was busy kind of dirty. Honestly it made me nervous as the whole cleanliness of the place came into question. They were that bad.  But the food and bourbon were really good."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,CL R.,"Murrieta, CA",8/18/2022,4.0,"Great wait staff, mixed drinks and burgers. Fries...not so much. A little loud if you're noise sensitive."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Hanna L.,"Christiana, TN",8/18/2022,5.0,So yummy! I got the Ring of Fire burger with regular fries and my husband got the Bison with duck fat fries. Both were delicious and the portions were huge! Neither of us was able to finish our meal. The garlic aioli sauce was delicious and I kept dipping my fries and burger in it. The Ring of Fire burger was definitely spicy (perfect for me but don't get it if you're sensitive to that stuff) and the Bison burger was delicious.
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Jason B.,"New York, NY",8/15/2022,5.0,Great food great drinks awesome staff. I had the hurt locker and the toppings which were numerous were tastefully minimal but all there. On my list for Knoxville!
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Andrew C.,"St. Charles, MO",8/12/2022,2.0,Hire competent bartenders. I came here specifically for an old fashioned. Served me one without a cherry. So much for southern hospitality.
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Lauren Q.,"Knoxville, TN",8/8/2022,5.0,"One of my favorite burger places in town! Went for lunch with hubby and dogs on 8/8 and had a lovely server girl Dana(?). The Elvis burger with blueberry jam is always my fave, hubby gets the hurt locker - - always upgrade your side to duck fat fries! One of these times we'll try a delicious looking milkshake"
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Marette S.,"TN, TN",8/5/2022,5.0,The best burgers in town.  The onion rings are even better.
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Ivy L.,"TN, TN",8/3/2022,5.0,"Very good!!! I've heard great things about this place, and have never been disappointed. You honestly can't go wrong with anything you order"
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Michelle C.,"NY, NY",8/1/2022,5.0,Fast and friendly service. Burgers cooked to perfection. Onion rings were the way they should be! Great dinner!
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Juliann B.,"IA, IA",7/31/2022,5.0,Good food. Very small but definitely a good place to eat. I had the farmhouse burger and omg was it good
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Jaden B.,"Fountain City, Knoxville, TN",7/30/2022,3.0,4 burgers and some fried pickles it was 90 bucks and the burgers were not that great but the pickles were amazing and I'm definitely going to make a trip next time just to go get the pickles and they were quite busy but the restaurant is small and I barely seen our server
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Bao N.,"San Jose, CA",5/14/2022,3.0,"3.5 stars... It was fine. Was not bad, not great. I would recommend not paying extra for duck fat fries. I quite enjoy duck fat, but unfortunately, for the duck fat fries, you get no duck fat flavor.It might not be their fault. Ducks are on a diet or something? I hear on the streets that chicks are cutting for their summer bod. Duck show soon? Staying tuned."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Chris A.,"Orlando, FL",12/19/2021,5.0,"Every time I visit a new city, I synthesize data that I gather from multiple websites. Just because a restaurant is rated highly on one list doesn't mean it is on other lists. I try and find the restaurant that is most widely accepted as the best, and when I was preparing for my Knoxville trip, Stock & Barrel was that #1 spot. It was universally loved by many different people on many different sites. So, of course I had to check it out. One of things I kept hearing about were the Duck Fat Fries (Rendered Duck Fat + Grated Parmesan + Scallions + Garlic Aioli). I've had duck fat fries before, pretty good ones, so I had to compare. These were better, much better. The duck fat adds another depth of flavor to the fries. It's impossible to describe, but it activates another spot on your tongue and makes you go yum. You'll just have to try these to find out. Easily the most appealing starter on their menu. I also got to share another starter, the Spicy Crab Dib (Lump Crab + Roasted Red Pepper + Pepper Jack + Cream Cheese + Cajun Spices + Scallions + Dusted Pita Chips). Large chunks of lump crab; all you need to know. A nice mix of flavors in the creamy dip, not too spicy. And the pita chips were perfectly crispy. I rationed them and asked for a few more. Solid dish.Then, I got to my burger. There are many different options, and they all sound differently unique, and they all sound delicious. I ended up choosing The Bernie (Mitchell Family Beef + Blue Cheese Crumbles + Benton's Bacon + Blueberry Preserve + Beer Battered Jalapeños). Sounds a little interesting, but the flavors matched up well, the funky cheese, the sweet preserve, and the spicy jalapenos. It all comes together into a fun little burger. I was pleased. And it was all served on a high quality bun that they didn't just get from a mass distributor. Oh, and their onions rings were perfect. Very crispy, and a hefty onion ring inside. Heaven. This place was heaven. Overall, out of everything I ate in this little part of Tennessee, I could see why this place got so much love. They offer a ton of great stuff, and it all seems to be high quality. The next time I'm in town, I'll gladly come to gorgeous downtown Knoxville and check this place out again."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Brian C.,"Huntington Beach, CA",12/23/2021,1.0,"Food wise and selection of spirits deserved more stars. But how I was treated at end of my experience left me feeling disturbed and one of the worst experiences leaving an establishment. I did not catch my bartender's name. But she was a younger woman that worked the day shift on December 23, 2021. I came in and asked about the cocktail and Rye selection. She offered a Johnie Walker Rye addition that sparked my interest. There wasn't that much left in the bottle and the pour came out to an ounce. She said she'd knock two dollars off since did not come out to a full pour. Had the chicken sandwich for lunch, and after my shot had a brew.  Meanwhile the bartender was spending most the time stocking, and not actually paying attention to customers. At the end when I tabbed out my bill did not reflect a discount of two dollars. I mentioned to her what she noted, then she said she'd fixed and give 10% off which wasn't $2, instead $1.45. Change is whatever, but I mentioned to her calmly she didn't hold up to what she had said. She gave me a discussed look, got change out of register, gave me my bill and said the change should cover it. Then immediately walked away. Ok chill. Appreciate the food and selection, not a great customer service experience. Left me feeling ill."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Matt R.,"Knoxville, TN",12/22/2021,5.0,"Great restaurant. I've been to Stock & Barrel twice already and each time I've been very satisfied with my experience. The place is small but I've never had an issue getting a table, even with a party of 7!The staff are all very friendly and helpful and give great recommendations. I would definitely recommend the onion rings instead of fries as they are delicious and one of the best I've tasted. They also have lots of selection on their menu so everyone can find something they will enjoy. I will definitely be returning here"
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Dennis L.,"Knoxville, TN",4/29/2022,4.0,"Guys--seriously--just go here. Honestly, I haven't been by in about a year. The food / environment are just as good as my first time soon after they opened a few years ago. Crafted / elevated burgers...a deep bourbon list...and old faithful fresh cut fries or breaded onion rings as chasers...they nail it all. I will say this--be sore to use the Yelp check-in feature or you will wait on line for a few days (maybe a couple of hours) around peak times. This is a small shop but it also speaks to the perpetual popularity of a place that has become a staple on Market Square. Try the Hurt Locker Burger. Yep, you read that correctly."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Brooke H.,"Knoxville, TN",4/17/2022,5.0,"This is tiny place with awesome burgers and strong drinks.  I had dinner with my parents here last week and we enjoyed fried green tomatoes to start, burgers for our main, and a variety of creative cocktails.  Everything was memorable and delicious.  The only down sound is that it is very loud inside.  When the weather is nicer, I'll opt for an outside table."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Ellen K.,"Pittsburgh, PA",3/30/2022,4.0,"Very popular choice in Market Square in downtown Knoxville, Tennessee. There is a parking garage around the corner that is free on weekends and weeknights.  There are a few high top tables and a pair of regular tables out front with heat lamps is where we sat.  Inside was packed on the Monday night we were there for dinner before sunset. The portion size was very filling.  The burger bun was baked perfectly. The old fashion drink was well prepared. I can see why it's so popular, bourbon and burgers at their best."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Michelle C.,"NY, NY",8/1/2022,5.0,Fast and friendly service. Burgers cooked to perfection. Onion rings were the way they should be! Great dinner!
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Jaden B.,"Fountain City, Knoxville, TN",7/30/2022,3.0,4 burgers and some fried pickles it was 90 bucks and the burgers were not that great but the pickles were amazing and I'm definitely going to make a trip next time just to go get the pickles and they were quite busy but the restaurant is small and I barely seen our server
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Melanie H.,"Navarre, FL",8/26/2022,3.0,"Not great. Made a reservation, and still had to wait 30 minutes after checking in with the host. The restaurant is extremely loud, so it's hard to have a conversation or hear your server. The food was amazing though...probably the best burger in Knoxville. However, the service and atmosphere was so bad, I don't think I'll go back."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Lesley B.,"Knoxville, TN",9/6/2022,1.0,We had a reservation and they still wanted us to wait 30-45 minutes when we checked in (at our reservation tine) and the place next store (not watsons) was awesome and sat us right away. What is the point of a reservation?
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Wade W.,"Aldie, VA",9/4/2022,5.0,Best burgers you will ever have. Go here way too often. only complaint is that food occasionally takes a little long to come out. Is always worth the wait too. Fried pickles and their onion rings are also amazing.
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Lucy R.,"Miami, FL",5/14/2022,5.0,"LOVE LOVE LOVE these kind of restaurants ! Simple, rustic decor. Happy go lucky, but incredibly efficient staff with a fun burger menu and outstanding back bar. Desserts were fantastic!"
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Rodney W.,"Farmers Branch, TX",1/14/2022,4.0,"Great bar!  Elle was a rockstar bartender. We had the schroomin burger and duck fat fries. It was all incredible. Also had a Greek tomato salad that was reallyGood. Good drinks, good food, good vibes. It's all here."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Chris H.,"Knoxville, TN",9/5/2022,5.0,Delicious food and great service. I had the Greek burger and it was beyond delicious.
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Esther B.,"The Pocket-Greenhaven, Sacramento, CA",3/24/2022,5.0,This place was found while driving and we got hungry and needs some eats ---we did great and everything was tasty and we loved the downtown vibe . We will be back when we are on the road once again.Thanks Stock & Barrell
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Justin H.,"Knoxville, TN",1/23/2022,4.0,"I have heard people raving about Stock & Barrel for some time now.  One of my neighbors even told me it was the best burger he'd ever had.  So, I went in with high expectations.  Burger-wise:   I think the menu is fairly unique.  They use local meat (Mitchell Farm, if I remember correctly) and have some interesting combinations.  I chose the ""ring of fire"" burger.  It was pretty darned hot because of the habanero.  So, it wasn't a watered down version.  My wife had one with goat cheese and tomato jam.  She liked it fairly well also.  Likes:   They have local meats, bacon, and high quality ingredients.  Gluten free buns are an option too.  Dislikes:  Fries were very weak.  I've had better ones at fast food.  Also, the burger wasn't all that flavorful.  It wasn't particularly well seasoned or grilled.  So, I wouldn't rank it as best in town.  What's better you may ask?  For one, I think MOOYAH is.  Red Robin might be as well. I also found the menu a little bit limited.  It's burgers.  Not a lot else.  Overall:  Pretty good.  A solid B for me.  I would come here if I was downtown and my dinner companions are burger people.  However, it isn't on the level of being a destination -- the type of place that draws me back because the food is awesome."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Noel A.,"Jamestown, NC",6/30/2021,5.0,We chose stock and barrel because they are listed In the top 10 in Knoxville. What we didn't know is we'd have our dogs with us. The dogs were welcomed with open arms. Now the food:  the food was delicious. Service was fantastic.Hannah was very conversational and suggested a bourbon that was absolutely delicious.
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Cassi M.,"Knoxville, TN",12/29/2021,5.0,"This is my favorite place to get onion rings from hands down! My husband loves the burgers and I love the chicken sandwiches or chicken and waffle sandwich, but the onion rings are a must! I always order 2 extra side orders, they are just that good lol. I have also had their wedge salad which was really good as well. They even have a tomato salad that is a good side if you like something lighter. Honestly we have never been disappointed with anything we have gotten from here"
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Melanie C.,"Tallahassee, FL",4/27/2022,4.0,"I'm always nervous to try places that seem to have rave reviews on every single site when visiting a new city but this one lived up to the reviews. We have been traveling for a few days and our diets have been less than stellar so we knew we need something more real, glad we tried this place and would visit again. Had the heirloom tomato salad with chicken and it was KILLER! The fried green tomatoes were good/okay but as mentioned in my previous reviews I'm a fried green tomato snob. The service was great, bartender was great, vibe was great, beers were great."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,w. W.,"TN, TN",6/13/2022,5.0,"The first time after years I felt the ""welcome to Stock & barrel"" greeting at this place & I said in my heart ""well Mr. first CEO returned with his principles"". I read his books, but for the many Starbucks doors I entered in the founder's story in the book & the practice at most Starbucks were totally different. I'm very excited to experience as the book stories. Keep the warm tradition. Get going!!!"
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Michael B.,"Dayton, OH",6/13/2022,2.0,"The ambiance is great and the staff is good, especially the hostess. Drinks are pretty good as well. Unfortunately, it ends there. The food is subpar. All the hamburgers are over cooked. Well done when ordered medium. The buns on the burgers are not great. The billy burger comes with tomato jam. Good idea, but too sweet. It should be a Smokey tomato jam. Onions need to be more caramelized.The duck fat fries are overly soggy. Fried pickles are okay and the regular fries are good when you add salt.  Has potential, just needs a little focus on the details of the menu. Maybe it has lost something since it's opening."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Debi L.,"Carrollton, TX",6/9/2022,4.0,Cool place.  If you love whiskey you'll be in heaven.   If you like good hamburgers you'd be in heaven.  I totally recommend this place.
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Stiven S.,"Knoxville, TN",6/9/2022,5.0,Everything is great go enjoy good food and the trout is amazing the smash potatoes awesome
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Danielle H.,"Hilliard, OH",6/8/2022,3.0,"I'm going to start by saying I've been here many times and the food is amazing! Here is my issue, we went today at 4:30pm, party of 8. Four adults, four kids. The restaurant was not busy. We asked to be seated together, obviously, and we were informed that there were no two tables open with the same server. Okay, so switch tables with servers while we are there eating. I served for many years through high school and college, this didn't seem like a difficult request. My mangers told us who we were serving, they didn't ask us. That didn't seem to be an option. This might be the worst case of customer service I've seen. I've attached pictures of how we sat, as a family, for lunch. If I owned this establishment, I'd be talking to my manager about what customer service looks like. I'm very disappointed in a place I really used to love."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Carolyn C.,"Brookhaven West, Oklahoma City, OK",6/4/2022,4.0,Nice casual place to eat in Knoxville. Good food too. Wouldn't recommend the duck fat fries but I would totally recommend the mother clucker and tomato salad. Bison burger was ok too with the Mac & cheese.
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Jeff G.,"Glen Carbon, IL",6/3/2022,4.0,"Fantastic bourbon selection. I haven't seen this broad of a selection in a long time. If bourbon is not your game the old fashioned is very good- whoops, that's bourbon! My wife enjoyed a couple of the other mixed drinks- sorry, I'm a bourbon fan. Lol We ate dinner. The farmhouse burger was very good. My wife enjoyed thr Billy burger. This place was crowded on a Thursday night if that tells you anything about its popularity. The service was excellent."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,John M.,"Roxbury Township, NJ",6/3/2022,5.0,Great burger awesome vibe and service was solid. Not a huge menu- but great bar food.
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Autum V.,"TN, TN",6/2/2022,3.0,"Service here was excellent, however, the food was subpar. The Farmhouse and Billy burgers were nothing special. The onion rings were about as good as what you'd get at Sonic. The place is very cramped and makes  you feel like you're a part of all the nearby conversations. On a positive note, the drink selection is pretty good."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Rebecca C.,"Greensboro, NC",6/1/2022,5.0,Best burgers in existence. Long wait and completely worth it. Get on the wait list on Yelp! That helped tremendously.
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Amy F.,"Southlake, TX",4/9/2022,5.0,Did the Yelp check in and seated early! 10/10 burgers and shakes!!! Small place but efficient w seating and getting food out! Had the Farmhouse (egg and bacon) and the American w gluten free bun! This place is worth it!
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Randill D.,"Columbia, SC",6/19/2022,5.0,"Good vibes, large portions and in the heart of downtown. Selection of bourbon is what brought this review to 5 stars!"
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Lundy P.,"Miami Lakes, FL",6/26/2022,4.0,Food was really good as was the service. Only issues were lack of available seating and the menu could be a little more extensive to include some entrees. Otherwise good experience!
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Alex G.,"Knoxville, TN",3/20/2021,3.0,Solid atmosphere. We sat outside which was really cool. The burger with pimento cheese is solid. The bread was kind of dry. Aioli fries were super greasy. Overall service was great - the food is just okay. We got the fired pickles as an app - super greasy as well. I would go back but not if I'm in the mood for anything remotely healthy.
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Mike W.,"Murrieta, CA",5/8/2022,5.0,"Unmatched burgers and a cool bar area equates to an always solid experience at S&B. Their choice to feature local beef from Mitchell Farms is brilliant. Apps and sides are generous in portions and tasty. Will be back as there are some innovative burger options to try; yummy!They have a great selection of bourbon and whiskey as well, be sure to whet your whistle ;)"
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Gregg H.,"Zeeland, MI",3/21/2022,4.0,"This is a really cool place to stop for some pretty good bar food and a drink in Market Square in Knoxville, TN. The real attraction is the impressive bourbon list. If your a fan, this is an important stop! The service is very good and the staff is really friendly. But, really, the bourbon is the highlight here. I'll make it a stop again when I'm in town."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Kassi S.,"Knoxville, TN",4/2/2022,3.0,"Pretty great burger overall but I was very disappointed with the fries , we ordered the duck fat fries and when our food came out they were supper greasy and not hot at all, I would say some of them were actually cold. The fired mushrooms were really tasty but I would definitely ask for extra honey drizzle because without that they are kind of one note and plain. The service could have been a little better, seemed to take forever to get our drinks originally but it got a little better after we orders. Over all it was an ok meal. I would get a burger there again but not the fries"
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Rachel G.,"Nashville, TN",5/1/2021,4.0,Great Service! Super friendly bartender/ manager.The burger was delicious. I went with a Shroomin that horseradish sauce was amazing! The fries were just ok. I tried a local beer recommended by the bartender. It went great with the burger. TONS of options on barrel items! Definitely lives up to the hype!
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Heather R.,"Knoxville, TN",3/10/2022,3.0,"3.5 starsThis was one of may favorite places to go in Knoxville. At one point i would say, exceeded the hype. Even when you waited hours for a table and then longer for food, it was always worth it. The food is still good. The service is may be better (that may be due to business not being what it used to). I feel like the burger patty size got smaller. When it is loaded up with the various delicious toppings, a smaller patty skews the ratio of toppings to meat. Today i had a Black and Blue. It was just salt. Salty patty, salty bacon, salty onion strings and no sign of the blue. Fries and onion rings still great. Another disappointment is the Bison burger. At 17-18$, no longer has the duck fat fries. Great beer selection even better bourbon selection. There are at least 10 places in town for a better burger now. I don't see me returning unless at someone else's request at this point."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Heather R.,"Knoxville, TN",4/20/2016,5.0,"I have been here many times. I am never disappointed. I could go on about the craft cocktails and beer selection, but let's be honest, it is about the food. I have had a couple of their apps which were good but a vague memory. The main attraction is the burger. I say my favorite is the Black and Blue until I have a Hurt Locker again. Last time I had the Bison with Bousin cheese, mushrooms and fried onions. It's now my favorite...until I go back and have something just as amazing. The fries are also some of the best I have ever had. Regular or duck confit. I  have never been brave enough to have dessert or a milk shake, only becasue I feel like someone needs to carry out after the burger and fries alone. Last words, believe the hype."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Debi L.,"Carrollton, TX",6/9/2022,4.0,Cool place.  If you love whiskey you'll be in heaven.   If you like good hamburgers you'd be in heaven.  I totally recommend this place.
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Dawn T.,"Irvine, CA",7/15/2022,5.0,We are working our way through the menu and so far the food is amazing everytime. Staff is also very friendly. We look forward to visiting every Friday night.
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Jenna W.,"Knoxville, TN",3/12/2022,2.0,"The vibe is super fun. Love the atmosphere but we can totally pass on the food. Fries and appetizer were great, burgers were mediocre at best. Flavor was bland, burger was way undercooked and we felt sick afterwards. This was our second time giving S&B a shot and it leaves us wondering what all the hype is about."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Jay S.,"Dallas, TX",7/23/2021,3.0,"Sometimes it can be tough living up to expectations. With a lot of people screaming from the rooftops about Stock & Barrel, I was expecting greatness. Unfortunately, S&B fell short. To begin with, I felt like the place is understaffed. The wait staff seemed to be having trouble keeping up with the demands of their tables and it showed on their collective faces. Our own waitress went AWOL a few times and I was tempted to ask a different waitress for assistance but then I got that 'I'm not your f*in server' look and I thought the better of it. A quick rundown: The Farmhouse (bacon, egg, cheese) went over well (7/10); the Bison (boursin, fried onions) was very good (8/10) although the much acclaimed duckConfit fries tasted identical to the regular fries (6/10); the Elvis (peanut butter, fried banana, bacon) was inedible (1/10) primarily due to the fact that the bananas were tasteless mush; and the kid's cheeseburger (2/10) seemed to be cut from a different quality of beef as it was very dense and tasteless. The onion rings (5/10) were adequate. The S'mores milkshakes (9/10),were epic though, as was the peanut butter pie (8/10)."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Greg M.,"Strongsville, OH",1/25/2022,5.0,"Found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try for lunch.  Had the Carburetor salad.  Most interesting salad I've ever had.  More of an open faced burger.  Fried burger patty with pickles, red onion, cherry tomatoes and bacon atop a bed of fresh greens with thousand island dressing.  I'm here to tell you, it was fantastic!  Never had pickles on a salad before, but this was outstanding.  Paired it with a local IPA which was delicious.  Friendly and fast service as well.  Great place."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Donald R.,"Knoxville, TN",8/3/2021,4.0,"Our second time here. It's very small with limited seating, so it's tough to get in on the weekends without calling ahead. But, the bar accommodates a lot of people, and that's open seating. We were seated right away on this Sunday early evening. Their whiskey collection is impressive. And for those who don't like spirits, they have a selection of wine and draft beers. My wife had the Cabernet. I had Jefferson's Reserve. We shared the big chicken sandwich and substituted for the duck fat fries. Yummy!  The sandwich was giant and easy to share. It was cooked tender without too much breading. The place was busy but the service was very good. We will definitely return again."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Marette S.,"TN, TN",8/5/2022,5.0,The best burgers in town.  The onion rings are even better.
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Sam H.,"Blue Bell, PA",3/6/2021,5.0,"One damn great burger and fries. The farmhouse has an over easy egg on a deliciously prepped burger and cheddar cheese. With the aioli sauce and the duck fat fries, I died and went to heaven.The burger was juicy and flavorful. And when I bit into the yolk, the burger became more very and flavorful.  Although I prefer my fries well done, these fries were pliable but were very flavorful from the duck fat.If you want a great burger and fries, you really need to eat here."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Jessica M.,"Franklin, TN",7/31/2021,5.0,"Fantastic location right in the Market Square. Our party of six were seated immediately on a Thursday evening. Everything we ordered was delicious including the Elvis burger: banana, peanut butter, bacon (don't knock it until you've tried it!) We will definitely be back for more on our next trip to Knoxville."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Rebecca C.,"Greensboro, NC",6/1/2022,5.0,Best burgers in existence. Long wait and completely worth it. Get on the wait list on Yelp! That helped tremendously.
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Josh R.,"Dallas, TX",7/6/2021,5.0,"We were passing through Knoxville, and this was the top rated restaurant. It did not disappoint!!! We started with the fried pickles which were amazing. I ordered The Ring of Fire Burger. It was delicious and so were the fries! The staff was friendly. They have indoor and outdoor seating. I recommend this place!"
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Cassie L.,"Indianapolis, IN",4/14/2022,5.0,"Stock and Barrel has been my favorite burger place for several years! They don't take reservations, but the wait is always worth it. The bar is seat yourself, so definitely check there for open spots. A huge bar selection is available too. Several different burger options to choose from and even a chicken sandwich and black bean option. Burgers come with fries, onion rings, or a mix. Closest parking is Market Square garage."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Angie W.,"Knoxville, TN",6/26/2021,4.0,Showed up 7ish on a Friday night. About a two hour wait so we walked around. Stopped on an hour later and there was space at the bar so we lucked out. Bar service was a bit sloppy but they were nice. Got our drinks but no one came back to take food order. Finally got someone's eye and got appetizers in but when they came no silverware and no plates. Asked twice for water. They were busy but wasn't crazy. Food was overall good. Fried green tomatoes with goat cheese and balsamic was great. I got the salmon burger which was hard to eat as you couldn't pick up and keep it all together. Onion rings were cold but ate them as figured kitchen was busy. Partner had the burger which they said was good but also disappointed in the rings. Nice whiskey selection. Reasonable prices. Might give it another go on at a less busy time.
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Andrew C.,"St. Charles, MO",8/12/2022,2.0,Hire competent bartenders. I came here specifically for an old fashioned. Served me one without a cherry. So much for southern hospitality.
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Gonzo P.,"Apollo Beach, FL",1/15/2022,4.0,"Wow!!!!!Recommended by a work client that knew I was not big on burgers but thirsty A.F. for liquor.I took the crew and had an amazing time.The staff really made us all feel welcome and at home as did the rustic downtown atmosphere. Clean, friendly, artsy, accommodating and intimate.Americana at its best!The delicious mushroom appetizers could have been a meal in itself although not so much with the crab dip.You want a burger? Well burgers all they gots!Feeling experimental I went for the Bison burger. Sautéed mushrooms, crispy onions and some kind of sauce. Holey smokes!!!!Makes my mouth water a week later, still in bed writing this review!!!!!!!It's a full bar, burger joint on steroids. With over 20 something burgers including veggie and bean burgers. Next time ill try the ""Big Nasty""There's a burger for every picky eater.Bring your appetite."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Robert F.,"Gray, TN",5/1/2022,4.0,I aways hit this place up when I'm in town.  Super chill with a great bourbon list.  Burgers are great and the staff is friendly.  If you like bourbon and burgers hit this place up
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Fritz F.,"TN, TN",4/18/2022,1.0,"The bourbon list is phenomenal. The burgers are great. I recommend the Billy thus far.  I was a bit put off when a lady brought her dog that was not a service animal into the restaurant. I spoke with the manager that just so happened to pet and show the dog off to the bartender working that night. She did not do her job. I was reluctant to still pay for all of my food given my experience was totally ruined by someone's pure entitlement of ""I take my toy dog anywhere I want."" The dog was not on a leash, being carried and not identified with a vest but had a very cute Easter fit on. Clearly, not a working service animal yet they took advantage of the ""can't ask""' rule. Management failed horribly."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Beth M.,"Greensboro, NC",5/12/2021,3.0,"Honestly, it is just okay; we should have tried the sister restaurant, Chivo Taqueria, instead. We waited an hour for an outdoor table on a beautiful Friday evening, and the wait was no problem at all (and it was graduation weekend!); service was fast, but food was mediocre. The Opa! appetizer was memorable - really liked the honey drizzle, but the menu says feta cheese and it definitely was not feta...had to be halloumi. I don't discriminate amongst cheese, so I was happy with whatever it was, but it was not feta so don't be fooled. The Elvis burger was way too sweet (too much peanut butter and thankfully the bananas were not deep fried, but overall too sweet). Maybe I just ordered poorly, which is very possible!"
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Jonathan B.,"Vista East, Orlando, FL",3/18/2022,4.0,"Visited this restaurant as a dinner stop on our way to Georgia off of a yelp suggestion. For a burger place, not bad. Burgers were good but for the price I would say average is a more accurate of an assessment. While not too impressed with the burgers, was very impressed with the quality of service we received. From the front of house, to our waitress, and servers we were treated kindly and with appreciation. If I come back through Knoxville I would try a few other restaurants within the square first, but definitely enjoyed our experience. P.S. If you go and the weather is nice would definitely suggest sitting outside, very lively town square to look out on while you eat."
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Macy D.,"TN, TN",11/21/2021,4.0,"We went to Stock & Barrel recently for dinner downtown. We know they are known for their burgers, and after waiting on the waitlist for an hour, we were so hungry and ready for some food! We got the crab dip as an appetizer, which was just okay. The pita crackers they were served with tasted warm and fresh, but the dip itself was so runny it was almost more like a soup. The flavor was good though! I got a wedge salad (needed something light after beer hopping downtown), and it was very good! My boyfriend got the spicy mac and cheese special burger which he really enjoyed. We upgraded his side from regular fries to duck fat fries, but unfortunately our waitress forgot to put the order in, so they didn't arrive until we were almost done with our meal. We also each got drinks. They have a very extensive whiskey menu, but I had been drinking wine & beer all day so steered clear of the whiskies. I started with the rosé (there was only one on the menu)...I do not recommend. Syrupy sweet and tasted like a cherry moscato of sorts. I switched to Prosecco after that which was much more enjoyable. My boyfriend got the featured old fashioned (maple pecan) and then a regular old fashioned, and he liked both of his drinks. I would recommend the burgers for sure and would likely order one next time I go, and the duck fat fries were amazing. I think we likely caught an off night for the servers/kitchen, but would love to go back for more fries and to try one of the many burgers!"
stock-and-barrel-knoxville,Jodi M.,"Portage, MI",4/9/2022,2.0,"I had eaten here once before and it was good enough to return. But this time it was bad! My husband ordered the Greek burger and I had the "" Mercian"". I ordered it medium/ med rare. It took awhile to get, and it took awhile to get someone to a knowledge that we were there in the first place . The burger bun was dry and crusty and my burger was WELL done , not a single drop of juice. The fries were old like they were the bottom of the batch and far from warm. The whole experience was a let down ! The search for a good burger continues"
